-Untie him.
-Okay.
Come on.
Hey, come eat.
What are you doing?
-Eat? What…
-I saved some for you.
Try anything funny, and I'll kill you.
This is for you. Come on.
-You get out of here.
-Come on.
-Sir.
-Yes?
Why don't you eat with me?
Did you sleep at all?
I don't even know
if I did for the past two days.
Your face has become
such a mess in two days.
If I'd searched more thoroughly,
this wouldn't be happening.
They were determined to hide him,
so you wouldn't have found him.
Stop it.
I know the hall director is
a stickler for the rules,
but I still don't get why
she stopped us from searching like that.
I found that weird too.
A man who'd been shot came to hide
in the dorm. A spy, at that.
What if he harmed the kids?
She should've been scared
and let you search.
There are so many
suspicious things about her.
There are many?
Yes. Once a month,
-without anyone knowing, she went to--
-Hey, you.
Stop talking nonsense.
Just eat.
You said you found it suspicious too.
Suspicious?
Maybe she has no family.
She's cooped up in the dorm
even during holidays.
But once a month,
she goes out at dawn and comes back
all exhausted right before roll-call.
All exhausted?
Yes. That's not all.
And it was really strange
when she took the job in the dorm.
Hey, now.
Shut it.
I overheard what you told Ms. Oh.
What on earth did you overhear?
The day before Ms. Song died, she saw
Ms. Pi's picture.
Picture?
No, it wasn't a picture.
What was it? It was…
Put him on right now!
Don't you know who I am?
I'm still the hall director!
Sir.
I may be quitting for personal reasons,
but I've been working
as hall director in this dorm
for 11 years, 5 months, and 12 days.
Can just anyone be in this position?
If you hire such a woman as hall director,
you'll be insulting me
and tarnishing
Hosu University's history and tradition!
You'll also be
threatening the students' safety!
You think I haven't done
the reference check?
My cousin lives in Munich.
My goodness.
Her eyes are so big that she looks scary.
Thinking that,
I was looking at her picture.
She's not good enough to be my successor.
I'm quitting, but I care.
Who the hell asked you to do this?
Did you think I wouldn't notice?
She'll be the next hall director
over my dead body!
Do you understand?
Ma'am.
And that night,
Ms. Song killed herself.